new coalignment api (first draft) (#207)
sunpy/sunkit-image: docs/how_to_guide/using_new_coalignment_interface.rst

Reviewer: Rename this to `using_the_coalignment_interface.rst`

.. _sunkit-image-how-to-guide-using-the-coalignment-interface:

*******************************
Using the Coalignment Interface
*******************************

> This guide explains how to use the coalignment interface in the sunkit-image package to align solar images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to use the coalignment interface to improve the alignment of solar images.
```

> This guide explains how to use the coalignment interface in the sunkit-image package to align solar images. The :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.coalignment` function facilitates image coalignment using various registered methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to use the coalignment interface in the sunkit-image package to align solar images.
The :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.coalignment` function facilitates image coalignment using various registered methods.
```

One sentence per line please.

Function Overview
=================

> The :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.coalignment` function performs image coalignment using a specified method that is registered using the decorator :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.register_coalignment_method`. For registering a new method, please check the :doc:`adding_a_coalignment_method` guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.coalignment` function performs image coalignment using a specified method that is registered using the decorator :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment_module.register_coalignment_method`.
For registering a new method, please check the :doc:`adding_a_coalignment_method` guide.
```

> The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function facilitates image coalignment using various registered methods.
> 
> 
> The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function performs image coalignment using a specified method that is registered using the decorator :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.util.decorators.register_coalignment_method`.
> For registering a new method, please check :ref:`this <sunkit-image-how-to-guide-add-a-new-coalignment-method>` guide.
> 
> Refer to the docstring of :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` for detailed information on the parameters, return values, and exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function facilitates image coalignment using a range of  registered methods.
Refer to the docstring of :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` for detailed information on the parameters, return values, and exceptions.
```

> 
> Function Parameters
> ===================
> 
> - **reference_map** (`sunpy.map.Map`): The reference map to which the target map is to be coaligned.
> - **target_map** (`sunpy.map.Map`): The target map to be coaligned to the reference map.
> - **method** (str): The name of the registered coalignment method to use.
> 
> Returns
> =======
> 
> - **sunpy.map.Map**: The coaligned target map.
> 
> Raises
> ======
> 
> - **ValueError**: If the specified method is not registered.
> 
> Example Usage
> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Below is an example of how to use the :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to use the :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from sunpy.map import Map
    from sunkit_image.coalignment.interface import coalignment
    import  sunpy.data.sample

    reference_map = Map(sunpy.data.sample.AIA_193_CUTOUT01_IMAGE)
    target_map = Map(sunpy.data.sample.AIA_193_CUTOUT02_IMAGE)

    coaligned_map = coalignment(reference_map, target_map, method="match_template")

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

There is another example (link to the EIS and AIA gallery example).
```

> The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function aligns the ``target_map`` to the ``reference_map`` using the specified method (e.g., ``"match_template"``).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Registered Methods

> ==================
> Ensure that the coalignment method you intend to use is registered. You can add custom methods as described in :doc:`adding_a_coalignment_method`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==================

Ensure that the coalignment method you intend to use is registered.
You can add custom methods as described in :doc:`adding_a_coalignment_method`.
```

> Registered Methods
> ==================
> 
> Ensure that the coalignment method you intend to use is registered.
> You can add custom methods as described in :ref:`this <sunkit-image-how-to-guide-add-a-new-coalignment-method>` guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We should tell them how to expost what methods are registered tho.

> ======================
> The :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.coalignment` function includes a warning mechanism to alert users if there are any NaNs, Infs, or other problematic values in the input or template arrays. Proper handling of these values is expected to be included in the registered methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
======================

The :func:`sunkit_image.coalignment_module.coalignment` function includes a warning mechanism to alert users if there are any NaNs, Infs, or other problematic values in the input or template arrays.
Proper handling of these values is expected to be included in the registered methods.
```

> Handling NaNs and Infs
> ======================
> 
> The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function includes a warning mechanism to alert users if there are any NaNs, Infs, or other problematic values in the input or template arrays.
> Proper handling of these values is expected to be included in the registered methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ===============
> For more details on how to register new coalignment methods, refer to :doc:`adding_a_coalignment_method`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===============

For more details on how to register new coalignment methods, refer to :doc:`adding_a_coalignment_method`.
```

.. _sunkit-image-how-to-guide-using-the-coalignment-interface:

*******************************
Using the Coalignment Interface
*******************************

This guide explains how to use the coalignment interface in the sunkit-image package to align solar images.
The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function facilitates image coalignment using various registered methods.

> Function Overview
> =================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function performs image coalignment using a specified method that is registered using the decorator :func:`~sunkit_image.utils.register_coalignment_method`.
For registering a new method, please check :ref:`this <sunkit-image-how-to-guide-add-a-new-coalignment-method>` guide.

Refer to the docstring of :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` for detailed information on the parameters, return values, and exceptions.

Function Parameters
===================

- **reference_map** (`sunpy.map.Map`): The reference map to which the target map is to be coaligned.
- **target_map** (`sunpy.map.Map`): The target map to be coaligned to the reference map.
- **method** (str): The name of the registered coalignment method to use.

Returns
=======

- **sunpy.map.Map**: The coaligned target map.

Raises
======

- **ValueError**: If the specified method is not registered.

Example Usage
=============

Below is an example of how to use the :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function:

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: This should be a mpl rst plot block and produce figure at the end.

    from sunpy.map import Map
    from sunkit_image.coalignment.interface import coalignment
    import  sunpy.data.sample

    reference_map = Map(sunpy.data.sample.AIA_193_CUTOUT01_IMAGE)
    target_map = Map(sunpy.data.sample.AIA_193_CUTOUT02_IMAGE)

    coaligned_map = coalignment(reference_map, target_map, method="match_template")

The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function aligns the ``target_map`` to the ``reference_map`` using the specified method (e.g., ``"match_template"``).

Registered Methods
==================

Ensure that the coalignment method you intend to use is registered.

> You can add custom methods as described in :ref:`this <sunkit-image-how-to-guide-add-a-new-coalignment-method>` guide.

Reviewer: This should be in the adding guide.

Handling NaNs and Infs
======================

The :func:`~sunkit_image.coalignment.coalignment` function includes a warning mechanism to alert users if there are any NaNs, Infs, or other problematic values in the input or template arrays.

> Proper handling of these values is expected to be included in the registered methods.

Reviewer: This should be in the adding guide.

> Further Reading
> ===============
> 
> For more details on how to register new coalignment methods, refer to :ref:`this <sunkit-image-how-to-guide-add-a-new-coalignment-method>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
